Copyediting of the Privacy chapter (#1672)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2020/privacy.md

reviewers: [ldevernay]
analysts: [ydimova, max-ostapenko]
translators: []
ydimova_bio:  Yana Dimova is a PhD student at KU Leuven university in Belgium, working on privacy and web security.
discuss: 2046
results: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16bE70rv4qbmKIqbZS1zUiTRpk5eOlgxBXEabL1qiduI/
queries: 10_Privacy
featured_quote: Privacy has been increasing in popularity recently and has raised awareness on the users' side. The need for guidelines has been met with various regulations (such as GDPR in Europe, LGPD in Brazil, CCPA in California to name but a few). These aim to increase the accountability of data processors and their transparency towards users. In this chapter, we discuss the prevalence of online tracking with different techniques and the adoption rate of cookie consent banners and privacy policies by websites.
featured_stat_1: 93%

> featured_stat_label_1: Websites load at least one tracker.

Author: ```suggestion
featured_stat_label_1: Websites that load at least one tracker.
```

featured_stat_2: Nine out of ten
featured_stat_label_2: Top cookie-setting domains owned by Google.
featured_stat_3: 44.8%

> featured_stat_label_3: Sites have a privacy policy.

Author: ```suggestion
featured_stat_label_3: Websites that have a privacy policy.
```
